== Signal Tools

Signal tools allows you to generate technical analysis data for a given stock (like MACD, stochastic, and exponential moving averages).

== Installation

    gem install signal_tools

== Usage

    require 'signal_tools'

    stock = SignalTools::Stock.new('GOOG', '2010-01-01', '2010-05-31')
    # Leave the last parameter blank to get from a previous date up until today:
    stock = SignalTools::Stock.new('GOOG', '2010-01-01')
    # Leave both dates blank to get the past 90 days:
    stock = SignalTools::Stock.new('GOOG')

    # Generate MACD signal with an 8 day short period, 17 day long period, and 9 day EMA signal period:
    stock.macd(8, 17, 9)

    # Generate slow stochastic signal with a 14 day K period and a 5 day D period:
    stock.slow_stochastic(14, 5)

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2015 Matt White.

MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.